[prometheus]  Add examples for CustomAlertmanager (#7030)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/300-prometheus/docs/USAGE.md

```

The fields `token` in the Secret and `chatID` in the `CustomAlertmanager` custom resource must be set on your own. [Read more](https://core.telegram.org/bots) about Telegram API.

> ## Example of sending alerts to Slack with filtres

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example of sending alerts to Slack with a filter
```

          key: apiURL
          name: slack-apiurl
        channel: {{ dig .Values.werf.env .Values.slack.channel._default .Values.slack.channel }} 
        fields:
        - short: true
          title: Severity
          value: '{{`{{  .CommonLabels.severity_level }}`}}'
        - short: true
          title: Status
          value: '{{`{{ .Status }}`}}'
        - title: Summary
          value: '{{`{{ range .Alerts }}`}}{{`{{ .Annotations.summary }}`}} {{`{{ end }}`}}'
        - title: Description
          value: '{{`{{ range .Alerts }}`}}{{`{{ .Annotations.description }}`}} {{`{{ end }}`}}'
        - title: Labels
          value: '{{`{{ range .Alerts }}`}} {{`{{ range .Labels.SortedPairs }}`}}{{`{{ printf "%s:
            %s\n" .Name .Value }}`}}{{`{{ end }}`}}{{`{{ end }}`}}'
        - title: Links
          value: '{{`{{ (index .Alerts 0).GeneratorURL }}`}}'
        title: '{{`{{ .CommonLabels.alertname }}`}}'
    route:
      groupBy:
      - '...'  
      receiver: devnull
      routes:
        - matchers:
          - matchType: =~
            name: severity_level
            value: "^[4-9]$"
          receiver: slack
      repeatInterval: 12h
  type: Internal
```

> ## Example of sending alerts to opsgenie

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example of sending alerts to Opsgenie
```
